Update credential revocation reason from issuer's perspective (#307)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/revocation-lists.rst

- revoke a Digital Credential when the following circumstances occur:

  - the Digital Credential requires to be updated, whenever one or more attributes are changed; in this case the User will request a new issuance for that Digital Credential;

>   - the holder request such revocation due to loss or replacement of cryptographic key material which the issued Digital Credential is bound to;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - the Holder request such revocation due to loss or replacement of cryptographic key material which the issued Digital Credential is bound to;
```

how it can request the revocation if it cannot prove to be the legitimate possessor of that credential?

Reviewer 2: The only way could be making the request directly to the Issuer which must authenticate the User.

Author: Something with a high level of assurance, like CIE (maybe only by using CIE level 3)

Reviewer: shall we say this in the text?

>   - the Holder needs to address the loss or compromise of cryptographic key material associated with the issued Digital Credential. In such case, the Holder should request revocation through a web service provided by the Wallet Provider, using an authentication method that offers a High Level of Assurance (e.g., CIE ID level 3);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - the Holder needs to address the loss or compromise of cryptographic key material associated with the issued Digital Credential. In such case, the End-User should request the revocation of the Digital Credential through a service provided by the Credential Issuer and using an authentication method that offers the same Level of Assurance obtained during the Credential Issuance;
```

>   - the Holder requests such revocation due to the loss or replacement of cryptographic key material to which the issued Digital Credential is bound. In such case, the Holder should request a revocation using a web service provisioned by the Wallet Provider and an authentication method with a High Level of Assurance (e.g., CIE id level 3);

Reviewer: `replacement of cryptographic key material to which the issued Digital Credential is bound` sounds misleading, if the digital credential has a binded cryptographic material this is not supposed to be replaced

>   - the Holder requests such revocation due to the loss or replacement of cryptographic key material to which the issued Digital Credential is bound. In such case, the Holder should request a revocation using a web service provisioned by the Wallet Provider and an authentication method with a High Level of Assurance (e.g., CIE id level 3);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - the Holder needs to address the loss or compromise of cryptographic key material associated with the issued Digital Credential. In such case, the Holder should request revocation through a web service provided by the Wallet Provider, using an authentication method that offers a High Level of Assurance (e.g., CIE ID level 3);
```

>   - the Holder requests such revocation due to the loss or replacement of cryptographic key material to which the issued Digital Credential is bound. In such case, the only way a Holder can request a revocation is to use an alternative authentication method with a High Level of Assurance (e.g., CIE level 3);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - the Holder requests such revocation due to the loss or replacement of cryptographic key material to which the issued Digital Credential is bound. In such case, the Holder should request a revocation using a web service provisioned by the Wallet Provider and an authentication method with a High Level of Assurance (e.g., CIE id level 3);
```

>   - the User deletes the Digital Credential from the Wallet Instance;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - the User deletes the Digital Credential from the Wallet Instance. The Wallet Instance therefore should request the revocation of such Digital Credential to the Credential Issuer;
```
